[Music]
very Christmas feed the starving
children
come on you we got a
job I'm talking millions this time why
are you even out of the join anyway you
know they used to sterilize guys like
you keep the world from becoming some
Negro Land of Oz early release new races
I'm 21 officially a man as creepy are
you still gonna pop my cherry what
no I said I'd get it done by somebody
else come on baby get a bite of this
pumpernickel buried
I want minecraft halo 5 guardians
Assassin's Creed chronicles sure that's
great that's great I don't know I have
no idea what that is you could be
speaking swine you ain't I
wouldn't know any better grand theft
auto 5 no I don't care
[Music]
[Applause]
you look like one of those trolls that
gangs pop Willy Wonka you got a gigantic
titties Thanks I get to wear this your
ass Anton out there associate I do got
this thing all lined up stick mom
you still hit like your father
you